10 reasons to learn AWS in 2020
In a few years of its establishment, AWS has now become the best and popular cloud service at a cosmopolitan level. As per the statistics released by IDC, half of the expenditure in IT industry was spent on cloud in 2019. By 2020 it is expected to be elevated to 60-70%. Due to this rise is the demand for cloud computing services an exponential growth in career opportunities is being expected from 2020 onwards. An investment of $370 billion is calculated for investing in the public cloud services and its infrastructure during tenure from 2017 to 2022. 
AWS training in Bangalore by Apponix offers greater opportunities through the perfect combination of academic learning and hands-on experience. Since Bangalore is the hub of IT service sector with many famous IT companies, one can expect greater exposure to the best and emerging trends in AWS in Bangalore. AWS trainings in Bangalore by Apponix prepares the aspirants ready to fit for the leading tech firms. . 
The top 10 reasons which push towards the learning of AWS in 2020 are:
1.	Cloud migration to AWS
A swift migration of organizations to the public cloud computing services has been witnessed in the past decade. And the experts have analysed and predicted an increased enterprise migration to AWS with a growth of market around 18%. This arouses the demand of skilful cloud professionals to construct an easeful path for the transition of embracing cloud by leaving behind the traditional IT infrastructure.
2.	Cloud computing becoming inevitable
In the nearer future, cloud computing is becoming an inevitable service and option for the entire strata. Thus this seems to be the best time to get expertise in cloud computing services. This need becomes a necessity when the AI and machine language learning too gain unavoidable attention by 2020.
3.	The fastest growing service
AWS was the first to implement public cloud services and continues to be the leading service. Its share is estimated to be 52% in 2020 from the 49% of 2018. This growth is well explained when analysing the 2020 expectations of the just behind firms that is, Microsoft Azure (21%) and Google (18%).
4.	Most popular and widely used
AWS is the present leader in cloud market that focuses on IaaS cloud computing. Though the present role of IaaS is lesser than SaaS, the market value of AWS will be providing a greater growth in future.
5.	Affordable
There is a free-tier service available in AWS for the beginners of AWS learning. It is much flexible and affordable with pay for the use.
6.	Demand exceeding the supply
More than half of the cloud computing jobs demands skills and expertise in AWS. Lack of certified professionals, mainly due to the ignorance of its scopes, the vacancies demanding is around 6-12 times than the job-seekers.
7.	Easily available resources
There are plentiful resources available for AWS certifications provided by innumerable communities those are both offline and online.
8.	Authenticity for the credibility
Expertise and credibility are two perennial factors in a business  and among the clients. Thus by doing certification trainings, which exemplifies the credibility and expertise with a professional authentication. 
9.	Smart salary
Learning AWS assures a salary of six-figures and outstanding increments by 2020.
10.	Different options to focus and expertise
For a beginner AWS mainly offers to choose the learning either according to the roles (architect, developer, cloud practitioner, operations) or as per the solutions (storage, machine language, AWS media service). Later the specialization can be focused on any one of the three fundamental areas: 
●	Advanced networking
●	Big Data
●	Security.
AWS Training in Bangalore - https://www.apponix.com/AWS-Essentials-Solutions-Architect/AWS-solution-arcchitect-training-in-bangalore.html
